another super original no one has made
this video yet you've never seen an
unboxing of an iPhone 10 just kidding so
you've probably seen so many of these so
that's why I'm gonna make this super
quick but I'm so stoked as I got to make
a video about the iPhone 10 before I
came out and it was a super cool
experience and now I get my Oh dad dad
dad I'm sorry
alright I would say I'm done dabbing but
I know that's not true
[Music]
trust me a lot of people video tests and
things are going to be coming out next
couple weeks that I want to do but my
favorite part about this phone it's not
super technical but it's just precise
this is an iPhone 8 plus the iPhone 10
look at that but then you still get the
big screen with a smaller phone look I
be able to use this without a pop socket
Wow Wow
wish my one o'clock two o'clock staff
I'm excited to finally have it on me
because I'm headed to LA tomorrow all
that's gonna take some our trip nodes
with so here we go
to complex complex
[Music]
complex con was quite an event so I was
only there for literally one day it's a
super quick trip but I wouldn't even be
aware of kind of the culture of complex
con if it weren't for my understanding
of the skate culture courtesy of my
boyfriend Jonathan help - a lot of the
brands that are there showing off their
stuff selling sneakers and shirts and
exclusive drops of sorts of things a lot
of them started as skate brands and are
still skate breaths so complex con is
kind of the center of where fashion and
music and entertainment is going there
on the forefront if they use convention
for people that are called
hype beasts I don't think they call
themselves hype beasts but they are
there bunch of hype beasts so there was
a lot of sick fashion there there was
but then there was the other side of it
where just a lot of people and labels
the cool labels whether it was supreme
Stussy rip and dip there was huge brands
like Puma Adidas Nike and another thing
there was just a lot of lines everywhere
these hype beasts they love their lives
with fashion drops in high culture
people typically weight out of stores
wait in lines to get these exclusive
clothes so earlier in the day people
actually waited outside of the
Convention Center it went on for it
literally miles to get these exclusive
drops that everyone was doing that morn
it's basically what I'm saying it's just
a big convention that you paid to go to
to pay to buy really expensive clothes
of course it's more than that there's
music there's good food but but yeah
it's I think it's a culture that a lot
of people like to dissect from the
outside what are you gonna do the end
today it's just people being passionate
about what they're passionate about just
like how I was very excited to unbox my
iPhone 10 at the beginning of this video
some of those high beefs might think
that having multiple phones and getting
excited about new cameras is stupid so
you know what to each their own complex
con was fun for the three hours that I
was there I don't think I would last
much longer
since I just got back in town here is a
office update kind of stuff everywhere I
haven't even started I don't even have a
chair that's a problem I did order a lot
of stuff that's coming in tomorrow but
the chairs just do anything without a
check but something I'm very excited
about is we have gigabit internet so I
just uploaded a gig file in the matter
of seconds now this see this is exciting
to me so this clip is two gigs
let's see how long it takes to upload a
two gig file literally let's see oh okay
two minutes okay it just shuts down to
55 54 53 seconds
[Music]
so a 2gig file in 60 seconds pretty darn
good we're gonna see what the true speed
is here and I owe ya
[Music]
okay so you got 360 down 460 up so that
is a true ya get internet but you know
I'm used to 100 up and down so I'll take
it so remember me not having a chair I
solved that problem solve that problem
temporarily keyword tool okay because I
know you guys are curious you guys look
great so much stuff I know it's
overwhelming - trash bins a mirror a
stool and also some trash bags guess how
much $73 but when you go to these little
corner stores in New York City and rape
you for everything it's kind of the same
thing going to CVS buying some chapstick
gonna be double the price if you go to
Target or Walmart Green
around health
[Music]
okay
okay so I knew that stabilizer was
coming but I have no idea bro packagers
are ya so so you're gonna have to stick
around hit that mother F Byrd subscribe
button like button to figure out what
these practices are cuz I've no idea and
then awesome I'm gonna try out the that
gimbal thing because ever since I did
the iPhone video with the gimbal I have
wonderful so bad for my bigger cameras
that you 7s their rx100 you'll see all
that content content next week for the
next video I don't know I think we can
make it
[Music]
so it's extremely cold outside
it was almost warm earlier today we're
headed home from the office guess how
long it was there literally since 6:30
this morning geez 13 hours something
that how we do it baby it's kind of odd
that now we have this flow of like a
commute like it's weird because I never
wanted to make this commute to like
skateboard in the mornings but like for
work it's like yeah we're basically
moving but now it's better for skating
down here right so much better there's
so much in the air so it gives you more
reason to be here yeah
to view logging the house oh that's a
nail salon
you know like ya can be some content
John alright guys into traffic here we
go
Wow is he pushing a booth tonight baby
almost died for my vlog okay guys look
how beautiful the One World Trade is
looking tonight looking beautiful people
say California look at this look at this
[Music]
arrives with fries oh we have oh this is
what we're watching currently we don't
have the big TV set up yet stranger they
a new season is fantastic are you guys
watching cuz I want the like comment
below like this video like this video
what is your favorite stranger things
episodes season tool and what is a nut
mystery box
you gotta subscribe for more videos
you're gonna figure out until next time
guys taking shape again
[Music]